The President of the New Year has become a reason for this.
The Ministry of Justice announced the opening and opening of the criminal
of the whole religion of the federal government.
It has already been given to the Supreme Court of Russia.
They are asking for a higher measure of order for all
396 of our organizations, including the government center.
They are asking for the liquidation and recognition of their extremists.
They are asking for a higher measure of order for all their political homes
and other businesses.
The Ministry of Justice wants to make it impossible.
For 175,000 followers of our religion
it is possible to enter the most important period of life.
I remember the night of April 1951.
Then, 8,500 followers of our religion
that is, almost all of them were deprived of their homes,
they were loaded with cars, and they were taken into custody
of the old settlements.
The life of thousands of believers was unparalleled and broken.
Hundreds and hundreds of people passed through Bulgaria.
But they did not retreat from their faiths.
They did not retreat from their faiths.
They always remained with peaceful people like Christ.
In the last century, the state recognized us
as the victims of political repressions.
And as soon as we were lucky,
we were able to return to the position of the dangerous criminals.
If the menu gets to its place,
the believers will be able to get up to 10 years of prison.
Recently, after the liquidation of the registered community in Nagarogia,
16 of our brothers and sisters believed
they were called to a large extent,
and some even
in the fifth year of freedom of speech.
But in the end,
a new change may lead them to a real change.
Why?
What do these people mean?
In the fact that they, as someone seems to be
unable to read the Bible,
that they read their faiths the only truth.
Or they are guilty in the fact
that they are not going to prison.
Because they follow the English law,
they have to have the right to have the right.
The accused, the witness,
the head of extremism,
the absurdity,
we ask you
who can influence the events.
Objectively,
and not to take a look at the face of the fact.
On the latter,
the episode is mentioned
in the Bible.
The Christian judge of the false accused.
One of the judges of the Supreme Court,
Sinodreon,
said to his colleagues,
leave them in peace with these people,
let them go.
If their goal and their deeds
are made by people,
it will die by itself.
If the wife of God
does not destroy them,
and it would not be possible
to choose God himself.